Dear Priyanka,

Thank you for meeting us we highly appreciate it and felt that it was really enlightening hearing about your perspective and experience with agencies.

Action Points for next meeting: 30th November 3pm.

Henry & Matthew:
Start WordPress Development setting up a local environment and an online destination environment
Learn about backwards compatibility for Internet Explorer 8
Analyse Responsive Frameworks
Analyse Navigation User Experiences on mobile
Upload website detailing progress of project

Priyanka:
	• Follow up with meeting regarding translated copy for additional language

	• Provide code of existing website, also ideally the analytics logs to see which areas of the site are popular

	• Training: Training + Handover requirements what would be needed for UCLH. “Education guide”

	• Quote from London Cancer on the benefits of the website redevelopment to go on the redevelopment website and to be used as text in a video

	• Purchase of cms2cms https://www.cms2cms.com/cms/supported-cms/umbraco-to-wordpress-migration/ requires  "Your Source site and Target site installed and available online” "FTP access to your Source and Target sites” so will hold off on that for a bit.

2nd December list of requirements what Patients and Carers want


Functionality Overview 2:
Think we filled in the blanks here:

Directory of Services: User enters whether they are GP, Professional, or Patient, this is stored in DB for analytics purposes. Boroughs, Service Types and Service Subtypes are returned from services. Currently done via a CSV file that is maintained and uploaded.

GP Referral Forms: Directory of .Doc or .PDF files .EMIS

Pathway Boards: Brain and spine - Urological: Directory of .PDFs

Patient, Carers and Public section: Lists of text, links and images with anchor points

Have all 4 of the above sections featured on the homepage as editable text summarisation.

News: Utilises WordPress’ blog functionality to allow single user to post news and updates

Events: Utilises a WordPress plugin or if unsuitable we write our own, will need to style using LC branding, filterable by audience and speciality.

Contact: Full contact details including a map.
—
Do please let us know if we’re missing anything, hope you have a good week!

Best regards,
Henry & Matthew
